- [ ] Create a collision layer named "stairs," and check if the floor layer matches. When it does, treat any normals as "uphill" normals, so that slope effects always slow the player. This prevents stairs behaving like ramps and more like stairs.
- [ ] Incorporate "inverse effective mass" when applying friction and movement forces to CharacterController, such that it proportionally shares accelerations (linear and angular) to ground and character bodies. This should fix the weird "sticking" to less massive objects from stopping friction, and should nicely apply counter-acting forces to the spinning platform (slows down/ speeds up depending on which way you run). Should also mean you can walk on the large ball and make it move beneath you.
- [ ] Add general air drag to all rigid bodies which uses collision shape meshes to approximate drag and ideally some lifting forces caused by localized vacuums
- [ ] Fix Auto Exposure buffers clearing when resizing viewport, should maintain old exposure value.
- [ ] For Crawlers, legs should rotate so they are as in-line with the direction of motion as possible. Looking from the front, all legs should appear pointed in the direction of motion
- [ ] Make launchers a more generic and usable "mover" which can be given an axis of movement or a path. It will travel along the path, correcting deviations in position using some max-force value. Remember last iteration's velocity and attempt to correct for any changes using a max force value, this allows it to accelerate against massive bodies pushing back on it. It should determine how much to accelerate by using it's own mass and the max force parameter, and not exceed the prior frame's velocity, probably using `move_toward()`.
